Dolores Albarracin: Pat.
Patricia Renaud: Hi.
Dolores Albarracin: It's Hello! Crystal!
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, hello!
john bianculli: Whenever you take yourself off, mute.
Dolores Albarracin: Frank, I see. Petra. Yeah, there is Petra
Dolores Albarracin: Crystal. We can see you. We could barely see you. Can we hear you? Let's see if that.
Krystal: Yeah, I was having some technical difficulties last week.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, excellent! And so while you're here.
Dolores Albarracin: alright, I'm sure people are gonna be coming in. And
Dolores Albarracin: Fang had a very short survey for you. I don't know if you saw it.
Dolores Albarracin: If you want a minute to complete it, we can do that. You've all completed it. Then we are okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: For my brother.
Petra Teeter 237121: Hi!
john bianculli: That was the one I think I talked to Chen about.
john bianculli: Did you guys get mine.
Dolores Albarracin: Say that again, John.
john bianculli: Yeah, I spent. I spoke to
Feng Yi Chew: Yeah. You spoke to me.
john bianculli: Okay.
Feng Yi Chew: Yeah.
john bianculli: About the survey. Did you get mine.
Feng Yi Chew: Yeah, yeah, we got yours.
john bianculli: Yeah. Very good.
Feng Yi Chew: Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: Thank you.
john bianculli: You're welcome.
john bianculli: Oh, the other proposal that I have for you guys, too.
john bianculli: The app is basically for people that are a recovery tool. Correct.
Dolores Albarracin: For people, sorry.
john bianculli: Yes, yeah. For people in recovery, like a sports system.
Dolores Albarracin: No, not all.
john bianculli: Oh, okay.
Dolores Albarracin: No, actually, we have people who are in recovery, or, you know, have some struggle with substances, but half of.
john bianculli: Well, I mean, I know people that are in recovery because I'm in a rehab.
john bianculli: Did you need any more people using the app that are in recovery?
Dolores Albarracin: Do we need more people? Now?
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, do you.
john bianculli: I'm in rehab.
john bianculli: So.
Dolores Albarracin: It's probably about another 10 or 12 people
Dolores Albarracin: who could who can use it. Yes, I I think that's a it's a good question
Dolores Albarracin: I have to ask where we are with that at some point that we're gonna open it up. But
Dolores Albarracin: we just actually finished enrolling for this study. Otherwise I would say.
Dolores Albarracin: well, we need people for the study. So
Dolores Albarracin: we've always encouraged people. But definitely, let's let's make a note of this to to let John know where we are.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, in terms of.
john bianculli: Yeah before the 29, th because that's whenever I leave California to go back to Pittsburgh.
Dolores Albarracin: Right.
john bianculli: So I'm gonna be in recovery till the 29.th
Dolores Albarracin: After that I'll be back in Pittsburgh.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, yes, but not everybody. You know, it's sort of half and half. It's just people from the community at large. And yeah, different concerns and things. And they want to change. But I wanna welcome all of you.
Dolores Albarracin: especially Crystal, who we we couldn't really hear last week.
Dolores Albarracin: So I want to start by asking you, Crystal, to just tell us where where you are, what state who you live with. And yeah, why are you here?
Krystal: Well, I live in Flint, Michigan. I
Krystal: live with my boyfriend and my daughter.
Krystal: wait!
Krystal: Why, I'm here like like
Krystal: I don't even know
Dolores Albarracin: If you have something to save on that, or something that
Dolores Albarracin: interest in you or or just, you know, because you are
Dolores Albarracin: doing studies. And this was one that's okay, too.
Krystal: Yeah, pretty much. I got an email about it. And that was, kinda
Krystal: I was like, Oh, okay, reading the qualifications. I was like, Oh, yeah, I qualify.
Dolores Albarracin: Right? Well, welcome. We'll we'll do a brief round of introductions. I'm Dolores. I'm the facilitator. Also
Dolores Albarracin: direct this project. And yeah, it's extremely
Dolores Albarracin: interesting to me to get to meet you all. Quite closely and and to learn from you. And yeah, I'll be essentially facilitating these sessions.
Dolores Albarracin: So I see. Well, John, why why don't you just do a very brief intro? So Crystal gets to know you.
john bianculli: Okay John from Pittsburgh, but I'm actually in California doing rehab.
john bianculli: I'll be returning back to Pittsburgh the 29, th
john bianculli: going back to my job on December the second.
john bianculli: and yesterday was my 60 days sober.
Dolores Albarracin: All right.
Krystal: Some.
Dolores Albarracin: Congratulations.
john bianculli: Thank you, and I also did my homework that you told me to do. Remember how you gave everybody homework. I got a case worker, and I think I'm gonna have an apartment. Whenever I think they help me find a an apartment, for whenever I get back.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, we'll we'll talk about this for sure. Yes. Petra, do you want to introduce yourself for Crystal?
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes, I'm sorry I had my microphone off, because our garbage is being picked up, and it's really loud, and I wasn't sure if you all had to listen to that.
Petra Teeter 237121: So I live in the Raleigh North Carolina area.
Petra Teeter 237121: Obviously, I wasn't born in this country, as you all can hear voice
Petra Teeter 237121: until my 27th year lived in, was born and raised in Germany, came over here.
Petra Teeter 237121: I have 2 adult sons and a husband and
Petra Teeter 237121: Well, the suns are here often, but
Petra Teeter 237121: well, not that often. They kind of live here. They're mostly not here.
Petra Teeter 237121: so there you go, but it's all good to make it work as a family. And I actually like having them around so.
Dolores Albarracin: Thank you. Frank.
Frank: Hi, yeah, I'm frank. I'm
Frank: a regulatory consultant. I work for myself. I'm in recovery as well. I'm about
Frank: 20 months clean now. Thank you.
Frank: And yeah, I don't know what else to say about myself, but that's me in a nutshell.
Patricia Renaud: I'm Hi. I'm from Pennsylvania, small town called Nescapec. We're about 25 miles from the Wilkes-barre Scranton area.
Patricia Renaud: I have a fiance, and
Patricia Renaud: that's who I live with. I also have 2 grandsons and one son.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, well, last week we talked about the really critical issue of of.
Dolores Albarracin: do we want to change anything in our relationships? Maybe get to see somebody we haven't seen in a long time.
Dolores Albarracin: maybe make some type of change to a relationship. And and most of you
Dolores Albarracin: it was something, and they they wanted to change.
Dolores Albarracin: I think Pat was going to go Christmas shopping right.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I did. And I actually got it all done. So.
Dolores Albarracin: I said it was.
Patricia Renaud: Really it was fun.
Patricia Renaud: I had time off. I didn't have the grandkids, so I actually went by myself and made a day of it.
Dolores Albarracin: When did you go?
Patricia Renaud: I went on. Saturday and
Patricia Renaud: I went to a local mall. We don't have very many stores left around here, but one Mall around us is doing quite well.
Patricia Renaud: sat down, had lunch, took my time, just, you know, made a day of it, and got everything I needed to for everybody, and
Patricia Renaud: it was a great day.
Dolores Albarracin: And were you able to forget about your son and and.
Patricia Renaud: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: No. Partner, yeah.
Patricia Renaud: Exactly.
Dolores Albarracin: For how many hours.
Patricia Renaud: It was probably around 6 h.
Dolores Albarracin: Wow!
Patricia Renaud: I left in the morning about 10 o'clock, and was home around 4 30.
Patricia Renaud: So.
Dolores Albarracin: And and were people at home or in your family surprised that you had done this.
Patricia Renaud: Actually I was thinking about it, you know.
Patricia Renaud: just to have people not around me. So
Patricia Renaud: nobody saw anything that you know they're going to see before Christmas. So I was thinking about it. But
Patricia Renaud: putting it into, you know, reality and doing it actually was
Patricia Renaud: another thing. So I'm glad I did it.
Dolores Albarracin: So any comments from the group on on pads like this this past week.
Petra Teeter 237121: I didn't do anything special, but it doesn't mean that I wasn't, you know, happy or content.
Petra Teeter 237121: I was gonna say something, and most of you are gonna dislike it, and it's all right.
Petra Teeter 237121: Since our I grew up in a family where it was always a disaster. Every Christmas
Petra Teeter 237121: my father would give my mother something like
Petra Teeter 237121: a kitchen appliance, and she would start crying.
Petra Teeter 237121: She was like, That's not! That's not a gift that right.
Petra Teeter 237121: and she would give him something like, I don't know a shirt or something, and he would be unhappy, and I hated that so much as a child
Petra Teeter 237121: that when I had when we had our own own children, and they were old enough to understand. We brought it up, and I remember, though the older one was 11, and the younger 1 9.
Petra Teeter 237121: And we said, Well, do you really want just presents for for Christmas?
Petra Teeter 237121: And and they were like, no, you give us
Petra Teeter 237121: items we need all year long, even the ones we just want and and Nope
Petra Teeter 237121: and and they didn't ask for much to begin with. And so we just completely stopped that with that in just the 4 of us and
Petra Teeter 237121: I've gotten quite some criticism from.
Dolores Albarracin: For for sure.
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe you can. Maybe you can take some advice. From Pat. Yeah. Christmas shopping. But I meant I mean pat
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, I just bring that up because I know it's different, and probably mostly everybody thinks, oh, that's horrible. But you! If if you heard my son did.
Petra Teeter 237121: and they had to fight through this in school with other kids at the time they'd be. I overheard the conversation, and they were like, no, I've got everything I want and need. I don't need anything.
Petra Teeter 237121: and I thought that was the funniest thing.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, but.
Petra Teeter 237121: There wasn't anything that I I.
Dolores Albarracin: And.
Petra Teeter 237121: Or make no sense.
Petra Teeter 237121: So.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, what I what I meant was, really, I mean, if people notice something, I think Pat looks a lot more relaxed having done this than how she was feeling about.
Petra Teeter 237121: She enjoyed it so. Yes, absolutely.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, that's great. Morgan.
Patricia Renaud: It pays to pay. Time
Patricia Renaud: pays to take time for yourself now and then, you know and forget about all the other problems.
Dolores Albarracin: Again. Sorry I'm a little late. I just got home from work. It looks like I'm still muted.
Dolores Albarracin: You're not. You're you're not muted, but we cannot see you.
Morgan Potts: And I'm trying to figure that out.
Dolores Albarracin: So there is a little icon on on the bottom left. So there is a microphone and a little camera
Dolores Albarracin: click on the camera. You should be visible to us.
Morgan Potts: Okay, there, you got it.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, okay, well, good to see you. So yeah, we're going through what everybody did. And Pat actually went Christmas shopping for 6 h without worrying about her son and fiance or or girlfriend, and and so on.
Dolores Albarracin: So yeah. And and, John, you, you were telling us in in the beginning that you actually got a case manager and and quite a setup for your return. Why don't you tell us how? How was that? What did you do.
john bianculli: Well, I mean, well, basically, I called an organization
john bianculli: central outreach. They referred me. They had a bunch of numbers. I put their number in the chat.
john bianculli: and in case anybody needs either free condoms free Std. Testing, if they live in either Pennsylvania or or Ohio.
john bianculli: they also give you free prep. If you qualify to help prevent the spread of HIV
john bianculli: if they're they're a good organization. But they found another organization that focuses on trying to get housing for people coming out of rehab.
john bianculli: So I mean, I hit all the the marks. I've had a job for 11 years no felonies.
john bianculli: So my friend's going to investigate the apartment tomorrow.
john bianculli: and then I find out what I'm hoping how it's going to work out. I jump off the plane, get my new keys, sign the lease, and
john bianculli: start from there.
Dolores Albarracin: And you'll be set and are. Are. Is your plan to go back to work? Remind us, remind me of.
john bianculli: Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: Add, yeah, yeah.
john bianculli: December the second.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
john bianculli: December the second. So I'm coming back from Rehab on the 29.th
john bianculli: I did make sure to plan a meeting for the 29.th
john bianculli: Yeah, the 1st day I get back to Pittsburgh to be on the safe side.
john bianculli: I know where the meetings at already. Yeah, I mean Pittsburgh. I know where I'm at. But
john bianculli: yeah. So I get back in Pittsburgh mid mid Friday.
john bianculli: and I'm gonna go to this night, owl meeting that they have on the south side.
john bianculli: So I wanted to make sure I planned a meeting, for when I got out the plane.
john bianculli: just to make sure now.
Dolores Albarracin: No.
john bianculli: That I changed my housing at.
john bianculli: I'm a little bit more careful about where I put myself at.
Dolores Albarracin: The last.
john bianculli: Place that was out.
john bianculli: The affordable housing act good and bad.
john bianculli: Imagine you're paying $2,000 a month
john bianculli: next to somebody that is paying $300 a month and unemployed.
john bianculli: So with that building, it was really hard to keep sober and behave yourself.
john bianculli: That's the best way to know how to put it.
Dolores Albarracin: So the next.
john bianculli: And I'm trying to take place in the verbs.
Dolores Albarracin: So.
john bianculli: Have a bar within walking distance.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So a lot of precautions and and taking care of yourself.
john bianculli: Yeah, this is like my 3rd rehab stint.
john bianculli: And what I was kind of doing was
john bianculli: thinking of all of the what went wrongs
john bianculli: and trying to put speed bumps to prevent those things from happening.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent. Well, congratulations on on all this planning. Yeah, in in only a week here.
Dolores Albarracin: really setting these really necessary things. And and we'll go back to what's what's coming next. But I wanna make sure I ask
Dolores Albarracin: everybody, Frank. I know you were looking for some type of group or or activity that would be
Dolores Albarracin: interesting and safe. And all this tell us how that went.
Frank: Yeah. So I I
Frank: had signed up for a meet up previously. The app and but hadn't really done anything with it. So I signed up for it again, and I found a couple of groups.
Frank: It doesn't look like
Frank: it looks like they do things, but there's nothing there was nothing like coming up this week.
Frank: But there's there's a group of
Frank: queer millennials which is right up my alley.
Frank: There's a i signed up for an LGBT book club, which is nice, and also a
Frank: oh, a group for bloggers!
Frank: Sober bloggers, which is kind of cool, so.
Frank: In with 3 groups. Now, I'm just looking at their kind of upcoming activities. I've I've posted a couple of things on their like
Frank: on their activities like chatted with a couple of people through the through the app.
Frank: so I'm excited to to go to their next event.
Dolores Albarracin: You were really above and beyond. Yes, looking for multiple activities of interest.
Frank: Yeah, yeah, cause I kind of want to see. You know what works for me. If
Frank: if one group, you know, if I'm not kind of feeling the vibe, or if it's just not you know I'm just not.
Frank: you know, getting along with the folks that are there, I mean, for whatever reason it could fall through. So I wanted to have a couple of options.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent. Do people have comments on on these achievements? Frank John's.
Morgan Potts: Good for you.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Frank: Thank you.
Patricia Renaud: Congratulations.
john bianculli: Yeah, it's both about additional activities.
Petra Teeter 237121: On top of. They're on top of their things. I'm just. I don't know. I just live.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, you did! You did.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's so.
Dolores Albarracin: You didn't wanna choose anything.
Petra Teeter 237121: No, I'm just. I just think it's great.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's good.
Dolores Albarracin: They are motivated.
Frank: What were you saying, John?
john bianculli: There's an app called the Phoenix, where you can look up activities.
john bianculli: The Phoenix put it on one as one word in Google play.
john bianculli: And you put in your Zip code.
john bianculli: and then it'll find groups that that do sober activities.
Dolores Albarracin: Hmm.
john bianculli: I'm in California, and it also works for Pennsylvania.
Frank: Yeah, the the Phoenix is like a a specific like type of recovery. So it's in the same way that Aa is a group like Phoenix is a specific type of group. It's more for like sober I've looked at it, and
Frank: they seemed a little bit out of my fitness range like
Frank: the the events were like, you know, soccer and volleyball and
Frank: that's not really stuff that I.
john bianculli: Not in Pittsburgh.
john bianculli: Oh, okay, that we have. We have one that does horror movies on Fridays.
Frank: Oh, all right.
Frank: Yeah. Here it was, all like, active.
john bianculli: Love.
Frank: A way above my fitness, level.
Dolores Albarracin: I go to the horror movie.
john bianculli: But don't forget, though, too.
john bianculli: people are in recovery, and maybe I mean, I'm I'm starting to try to work out. I'm trying fitness. I mean, it is really good coping mechanism. If you're stressed to burn off the anger.
Frank: Sure.
john bianculli: I mean. I was joking in the chat
john bianculli: I went bird watching instead of flipping people to bird.
Frank: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent!
Petra Teeter 237121: It is something that has always helped me. Get through a very stressful and very frustrating life situations to the point where I was in in places where I just I I almost lost.
Petra Teeter 237121: interested in in living and exercise and fresh air, will do it for me.
Petra Teeter 237121: It could be reading a book for somebody.
Petra Teeter 237121: If if I can go on a hike for I'll be.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's like I used to call it my digestion of the day, if that makes any sense.
Petra Teeter 237121: So it I I found it helpful to, I guess, think it through and find out what works
Petra Teeter 237121: for me, because I know. There's, for example, my my husband. He'll be happy to just
Petra Teeter 237121: sit in front of that TV and watch a movie that would drive me crazy. That does not work for me at all. It's just that. It's but it helps him.
Frank: Right.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Petra Teeter 237121: We're all just very.
Dolores Albarracin: Hey!
Petra Teeter 237121: I could suggest something, and it would not do anything for anybody else.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, very, very individual. Well, I hope you will choose something today.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Morgan, you are, gonna send a card to your friend.
Morgan Potts: Hey, guys, I don't know why it keeps muting me. But anyway, yeah, I'm
Morgan Potts: I'll do it at some point not like now I'm I'm not a Christmas kind of person. I kind of dread it, so I'll do it just later. But I am gonna do it.
Dolores Albarracin: I mean, it doesn't have to be a Christmas card, but it's not a card you saw was kind of a low commitment thing.
Morgan Potts: Yes, yes, I mean I'm gonna send her Christmas cards. I feel like it would be a nice gesture. She loves Christmas and decorating for it and all that jazz. So I'll do that
Morgan Potts: as we get closer. I mean, we haven't even hit Thanksgiving yet, so.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So did you forget, or or you thought it wasn't a good idea, or what happened.
Morgan Potts: Oh, no, it was just busy weekend. I went home for the weekend, and I just was like, I'm gonna I'm gonna send it when we, as we get closer to Christmas.
Morgan Potts: I'm not gonna send it right now. I do have her address in my
Morgan Potts: contacts still. So. But I'm gonna do it just not this week. I wasn't gonna be able to do it this weekend.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Morgan Potts: I did take my niece Christmas shopping. That was the most Christmassy I have gotten so far.
Petra Teeter 237121: Do it if you want to. That's just all I remember. I used to always be so nice and do all these things that I really didn't want to
Petra Teeter 237121: only do it if you want to. That's all I'm saying.
Morgan Potts: I'm sorry. What did you say, dear? I couldn't hear you.
Frank: Yeah, I was just gonna say, yeah, I was gonna say that. you don't have to send it right now, I said, but maybe you know, writing the letter just to for your own benefit, like getting those thoughts down on paper. It helps me like when I you know, even if I
Frank: like in recovery, I'd write a letter and and wouldn't send it. Let's say you have to send it, but it might help just to get your kind of thoughts down on paper. And that way you have time to to kind of edit and change things. If you don't think something's right.
Morgan Potts: Yeah. Clear out the mental headspace, the cobweb, the cobwebs.
Dolores Albarracin: I am excellent. Well, today I want to hello
Dolores Albarracin: into our next important thing, which is to
Dolores Albarracin: talk about our health and and something we would like to do
Dolores Albarracin: for our health in the next week. This could be mental health, physical health.
Dolores Albarracin: anything you you want. So yeah, just
Dolores Albarracin: give it a minute and and think.
Dolores Albarracin: what is it that I would like to do for my health in the next week
Dolores Albarracin: could be something you're very clear about, or maybe you haven't gone to
Dolores Albarracin: see a doctor anything, really, we all have to be monitoring and and taking care of ourselves in this way. So we think this is
Dolores Albarracin: something that unites us all.
Patricia Renaud: Thanks for oh, go ahead!
Morgan Potts: No, no, no, you got no.
Patricia Renaud: For me. I think it's weight loss. With the holidays coming up, I
Patricia Renaud: went through menopause like 2 years ago, and the weight gain was
Patricia Renaud: horrible. I don't want to say it was horrible, to put it plainly. I want to be in better shape, for you know, doing things with the grandkids. They're 5 and 6, and it's like.
Patricia Renaud: now it's like Grammy. We want to get down on the floor, and we come down and play hot wheels and Legos with us, and it's like really hard. I can get down, but I can't get up. So
Patricia Renaud: An exercise plan is what I'm planning on. I have a treadmill. So now that the weather here in Pennsylvania is
Patricia Renaud: getting colder. I like to go outside and walk
Patricia Renaud: but I'm planning like when the days are really bad. Sleet and snow and ice to, you know.
Patricia Renaud: have some kind of regimen that I can stick to, and
Patricia Renaud: my trouble is, motivation is I can do a week, and then
Patricia Renaud: I either get bored or there's, you know, things happen, and.
Dolores Albarracin: So how long have you not done this.
Patricia Renaud: I'm sorry. What.
Dolores Albarracin: How long has it been since you last did it.
Patricia Renaud: I just started about 2 weeks ago.
Patricia Renaud: So with work and all that, sometimes it's 12 h days. So.
Patricia Renaud: coming home from a 12 h. Shift is kind of hard to want to jump on the treadmill. But
Patricia Renaud: You know I need to, even if it's
Patricia Renaud: 15 or 20 min at least, it's something better than nothing. But.
Dolores Albarracin: And why? Why is it that you work 12 HA day.
Patricia Renaud: That's my regular shift.
Patricia Renaud: It's usually 8 h, but it can go if nobody shows up, for you know my spot. Then I have to stay mandatory 4 h over.
Dolores Albarracin: And how many days a week.
Patricia Renaud: I do. 5 days a week.
Dolores Albarracin: So pretty! Rural! Yes.
Patricia Renaud: New.
Dolores Albarracin: When was the last time when you went on for maybe one week doing all the exercise that you like to be doing now?
Patricia Renaud: I'd like to try. At least, you know. 3, rd I don't want to do a whole 7 days, because they say you should let yourself rest one day. So
Patricia Renaud: at least 20 to 30 min of you know, vigorous walking or
Patricia Renaud: outside, hiking or doing something physical like that.
Dolores Albarracin: Have you ever done this.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I was good for a few months, and then.
Dolores Albarracin: When? When was this?
Patricia Renaud: That was back in the summer.
Dolores Albarracin: In the summer. Okay.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Patricia Renaud: it was more outdoor work, you know, with the winter months. It's harder because I love the garden. So
Patricia Renaud: the physical aspect of that digging and
Patricia Renaud: planning things. You're up and down and bending and twisting, and
Patricia Renaud: but now it's a little bit harder, with the days being shorter, and
Patricia Renaud: the cold weather setting in so.
Dolores Albarracin: And do you think if you were to add, let's say 3 days of 30 min, would that help with your wait long?
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, with stress levels. And you know, just overall feeling better.
Dolores Albarracin: Press.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Patricia Renaud: and eating better. It's going to be hard this time of year. It always is
Patricia Renaud: to try to eat, you know. Stay away from the junk food and the candy, but.
Dolores Albarracin: But if you.
john bianculli: Suggestion about the eating that I do, or I'm trying to start incorporating more.
john bianculli: Pick your day off, get some containers.
john bianculli: and cook like 5 healthy, like a big batch, so that you can divvy up 5 different lunches.
john bianculli: and then you put them in the freezer.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I do that for work. I do like meal prep. For I do like
Patricia Renaud: a Saturday, if I can. Cook 2 or 3 different things. For my fiance, too. He takes it to work so a big batch of something and throw it in the freezer, and we're good to go
Patricia Renaud: But now, with pies and cakes and pastries of all kinds, it's kind of hard
Patricia Renaud: for the holidays, but willpower is something that I'm working on, you know.
Patricia Renaud: to try and stay away from that. Have it in moderation, more or less.
Dolores Albarracin: So we have some.
john bianculli: Whenever I get a lunch.
Dolores Albarracin: Sorry. Let me just somebody came in. I wanna make sure you know who this is.
Dolores Albarracin: So.
Feng Yi Chew: So. Yes. I asked Jennifer to join via phone because she was having difficulty.
Dolores Albarracin: That's that's Jennifer.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay?
Dolores Albarracin: So yeah, go ahead, John, you were saying.
john bianculli: During your lunch. Try to bring like sandwich wraps.
john bianculli: and then you can walk while you're eating them.
john bianculli: And if you only have an hour, it's kind of a way of getting exercise and eating at the same time.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, that's a good idea. Do you? Do you get a lunch? Break? Pat.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, we get a half hour, and then there's 2 15 min breaks.
Patricia Renaud: And then if there's overtime, we get an additional amount of time. Yeah, that's a good idea. When it was warmer I would go out and walk around the parking lot a few laps.
Dolores Albarracin: And where could you walk right now during those breaks? Let's say.
Patricia Renaud: With the days being shorter. It's kind of hard.
Patricia Renaud: probably, you know, around the building or inside the building.
Dolores Albarracin: By the building.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, we have the safety walkway. So we could do that.
john bianculli: Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry something's been delivered.
Morgan Potts: I don't know if you can. I'm sorry, I interrupted.
Dolores Albarracin: No no go ahead. Morgan.
Morgan Potts: I found on the Facebook Marketplace Yard sale thing, one of those, and I'm not sure what you do, Patricia, but one of those under desk treadmills.
Morgan Potts: I found it, for, like 75 bucks or 50 bucks, and I don't know if that's an option for you. But I mean, like you said. It's it's something.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Morgan Potts: I I need to use mine because I've I've got the same deal going on where I just like I have no motivation.
Morgan Potts: and holidays are coming, and that's gonna be a struggle. So.
Morgan Potts: Awesome.
Petra Teeter 237121: Almost does that work. I'm just what I like. That idea.
Morgan Potts: Yeah, they work. I mean.
Petra Teeter 237121: Taking this time.
Petra Teeter 237121: But so how did you?
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, moving on it?
Petra Teeter 237121: How do you do your work at the desk?
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah, okay.
Morgan Potts: Yeah, you don't. You don't crank it up to where you can't talk. But you know, just doing anything while you're typing.
Morgan Potts: It's the only negative is that it can be a little noisy. So
Morgan Potts: you know, I'm not sure if you have office mates, or whatever. But.
Dolores Albarracin: Back to this idea sort of you're thinking.
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe one day a week you could work, you could walk and work during those breaks.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I do factory type work. So I'm at a machine moving around and packaging things. So.
Patricia Renaud: But I do have the treadmill at home. So.
Patricia Renaud: but yeah, I'm definitely wanting to do it more.
Dolores Albarracin: How about a place like a mall or- or
Dolores Albarracin: church? One of those places and offers space to walk? That's none.
Dolores Albarracin: Necessarily thinking about everything that you're thinking while at work.
Patricia Renaud: We don't have any malls really close. I mean, they're within like a half hour drive. So
Patricia Renaud: just going outside. I mean, we live in the country, so I can walk
Patricia Renaud: through the fields, or you know, we're very a rural area. So.
Dolores Albarracin: You were saying. It's kind of cold now.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, and I get that. And
Dolores Albarracin: so there, what are there any options? A school or or church, or.
Patricia Renaud: Trying to think.
Patricia Renaud: Not that I can think of. No, we're a pretty small area, so everything's few and far between.
Dolores Albarracin: So the treadmill then seem the main option.
Patricia Renaud: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: Unless it's like a gym or something.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah.
Patricia Renaud: or even I was thinking, maybe weight bands or something like that, you know, to change it up. So it's not so boring being, you know, on the treadmill, just doing that.
Dolores Albarracin: Is there is anybody else wanting to work out here?
Dolores Albarracin: And and maybe you could be on the phone on the treadmill.
Dolores Albarracin: and it's a little bit less boring.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'll do it.
Patricia Renaud: I do the Pandora on my phone through. You know, one of those portable speaker things.
Dolores Albarracin: So how many days are are you willing to to try to work out next week? Pat.
Patricia Renaud: I'm gonna try at least, you know, for one, and then work my way up from there. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: What day will that be.
Patricia Renaud: I'm trying to think I should be off Friday.
Patricia Renaud: So Friday, yeah, this coming Friday. So.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, we'll be you know, wishing you.
Patricia Renaud: Lot of good steps. Yeah, thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, I know Louis is here. Michelle also joined, but we are on the topic of health, and and something we would like to do for our own health, mental or physical.
Patricia Renaud: By next week.
Dolores Albarracin: And Lou, how did it go with calling your dad on that note?
Lewis: Overall conversation went well didn't end how I expected, but the overall conversation and you talk.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, well, good for you. We'll we'll come back. But
Dolores Albarracin: yeah, John, I think you wanted to jump onto the health issue right?
john bianculli: Yeah, the health issue. I have a long term goal of quitting smoking.
john bianculli: but due to the fact that I get cranky and irritable, I'm gonna wait till I get back to Pittsburgh to do that
john bianculli: right now. I'm in a house with like 5 different people with
john bianculli: that sharing room with 5 people.
john bianculli: so I don't want to be cranky and irritable. So
john bianculli: but short term, short term. What I've been doing. I'm trying to eat healthier
john bianculli: like for lunch I made a piece of air, fried chicken and Brussels sprouts.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent.
john bianculli: Teriyaki sauce, and a little sesame.
Dolores Albarracin: At close.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'll call over John. I like it.
john bianculli: Yeah, thank, you.
Dolores Albarracin: What's the plan for you, then, for the next week to stay.
john bianculli: Continue to eat healthy. I'm gonna
john bianculli: try to make a pact, not to eat anything that's takeout
john bianculli: like. In other words, I want to cook everything, make it fresh from scratch.
john bianculli: Keep it low, sodium, which will help my blood pressure.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent.
john bianculli: Making it so that I can see my shoes again and lose weight.
Dolores Albarracin: Have you been doing this pretty consistently.
john bianculli: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, so you're kind of doing this. And and is there something that you could add for next week to make it a little bit more difficult.
john bianculli: And well, I mean I I already added exercise. I already added, eating better.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
john bianculli: Maybe making a call to my dad and my sister.
john bianculli: Try to maybe patch it up with them.
john bianculli: Is that a good adding on.
Dolores Albarracin: That's especially related to next week. Yeah, if if would that make you feel better emotionally
Dolores Albarracin: that were possible, or would it be more stressful? I don't know.
john bianculli: Oh, did not.
john bianculli: I'll try one of them. How about this? And I'll try my dad.
john bianculli: We'll add my sister the following week. How did that sound.
Dolores Albarracin: If that's what you'd like to do. That sounds great. Yeah. It seems like you're doing everything right for your health. At this point.
john bianculli: Well, I'm trying to. I have a sponsor.
john bianculli: so I'm trying to incorporate a lot of what he's telling me to do.
john bianculli: I mean, at 1st the exercise I wasn't a big fan of.
john bianculli: but now that I'm doing it, I feel better.
john bianculli: So. Some of the things you tell me to do. I don't necessarily agree with, but I'm doing it.
john bianculli: and maybe they'll become more healthy habits later.
Dolores Albarracin: That sounds great comments from other others.
Petra Teeter 237121: I was wondering, John is is that to me?
Petra Teeter 237121: Sometimes it.
Petra Teeter 237121: There's nothing the other person can do about this. If they're too close to me, and they say something. I'm going to be hurt in my feelings.
Petra Teeter 237121: and some other person like maybe your sponsor
Petra Teeter 237121: or somebody that's not closely connected to you. Right.
john bianculli: Yeah, very nice.
Petra Teeter 237121: In your face, and you're okay with it. That's how I've noticed in my life. I wonder if you were if that's if that feels like that to you.
john bianculli: Well, I have a sponsor that doesn't sugarcoat, which is.
Petra Teeter 237121: There you go. Yeah.
john bianculli: I mean, it's there's good things and bad things. I'm focusing on the good.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah.
john bianculli: I mean negative feedback. You may like like hearing it.
john bianculli: It may look like you ate a sour patch, kid, but sometimes you need that stuff. You can't be around a bunch of. Yes, people that agree with everything you say.
Dolores Albarracin: Are you gonna keep this same sponsor once you go back or.
john bianculli: I haven't talked that over with him.
john bianculli: Whatever I said about him sponsoring me, I said. Temporary.
john bianculli: So that's a discussion we're gonna have to have before I leave.
john bianculli: hoping that I mean they're more than likely gonna tell me they want you to get a local one.
john bianculli: but I may tell them, ask them, Hey, can we continue this as a backup?
john bianculli: Okay? Or until I find a Pittsburgh one.
Dolores Albarracin: So for your health. This could be a good goal for you to maybe bring that up.
john bianculli: Yeah, the other thing I was gonna ask, too, though, how long this goes on for what 6 months.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes.
john bianculli: Yes.
Dolores Albarracin: This this? Yes, but the groups meet 3 times and you stay online. Yes.
john bianculli: Okay, very good. Yeah. So the online, this should kind of help me as well.
Dolores Albarracin: Right?
Dolores Albarracin: Okay? So yeah, we look forward to. I mean your continued progress with your health, John. It seems like you're doing lots of these things and and don't have a lot to add, maybe looking for for the sponsor situation, you know. Once once you go back.
Dolores Albarracin: so I want to ask crystal crystal, where are you at with your health? Is is there something you'd like to achieve for you?
Dolores Albarracin: Physical, mental.
john bianculli: Are we still on me?
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, we moved to Bristol for the time being.
Petra Teeter 237121: Muted. Yeah.
john bianculli: Oh, okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Sorry my hearing's a little off.
Dolores Albarracin: Can you hear me now?
Dolores Albarracin: I hear you.
Krystal: Okay. I guess mainly just
Krystal: making it through this week. Really, it's my birthday today, and it's always been pretty.
Krystal: Pretty emotional week for me. Normally, I've
Krystal: my birthdays aren't really something that
Krystal: ever went good for me. It's always been a really horrible week, so.
Dolores Albarracin: Why do you wanna tell us a bit about why this is.
Krystal: I didn't have really a very good upbringing, and
Krystal: my mom wasn't the greatest, and
Krystal: our birthdays were, you know, are supposed to be about you. It's your birthday. But she was
Krystal: very it's all about me. And if anything's about you, I'm gonna make you
Krystal: regret even being there. So okay.
Dolores Albarracin: When when is your birthday? Exactly.
Krystal: Today today is actually my birthday.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. Well, happy birthday.
Krystal: You.
Dolores Albarracin: Happy birthday. So you know.
Petra Teeter 237121: For spending your time with us on your birthday. How about that?
Krystal: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: What could you do to make this week a little bit happier.
Krystal: Mainly just been staying away from people.
Krystal: Okay, staying away from home.
Krystal: Yeah. Yup, I don't talk to her anymore. So I I haven't spoke with her since like September, so.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so you're not talking with your mom. But
Dolores Albarracin: does does this work well, if not, not talking to anybody to make you happy or or.
Krystal: I mean.
Dolores Albarracin: Really only.
Krystal: It does, but it doesn't
Krystal: It cause I get real irritable and kind of like moody and emotional myself. So I try not to
Krystal: lash out on people that don't deserve it. So I just
Krystal: kind of just sticking to like my little arts and crafts projects and.
Dolores Albarracin: Are you in in therapy, or some kind of treatment? Crystal.
Krystal: I was for a long time, but I ended up.
Krystal: I got into a really bad car accident in February, and then I just kind of went into like a
Krystal: really dark place for a while, because I had to depend on everybody else to help me. And
Krystal: so I just kinda I quit doing things I should have done, and.
Dolores Albarracin: And how are you now? Physically.
Krystal: I'm getting better I got like my anxiety is kind of through the roof sometimes, and like I, it's hard to be in vehicles
Krystal: and then, like, I've just started going back to therapy. My, it'll be like my second
Krystal: My second session will be tomorrow, actually. So.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So a lot a lot going on. What are? What are the physical consequences of the accident? Crystal.
Krystal: I I broke my collarbone really bad, so I had to have a surgery
Krystal: And then I would but
Krystal: shattered one of the vertebrae in my neck, and so it's like hard to turn certain ways. And
Krystal: I broke the L. 4 down at the bottom. It's like right by your sciatic nerve. And it
Krystal: I've had some issues with that. I have to do physical therapy twice a week, and.
Dolores Albarracin: So? Is there something.
Krystal: Getting there.
Dolores Albarracin: Doing. Yeah, a very long and very painful list.
Krystal: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Is there something that you should be doing for for all these fractures? Let's say that you're not doing that could make you a little bit healthier.
Krystal: Probably actually going to the physical therapy, because I've
Krystal: I've been going like once a week, and I'm supposed to be going like 2 to 3, depending on what they say, and I just kinda go the 1st day of the week, and then I'm in pain. So then I quit going, and I just need to stick it out and follow through.
Dolores Albarracin: I wanna? Ask for the group's input on this. What? What are people's thoughts about this situation? Potentially, if you know
Dolores Albarracin: physical therapy and and going perhaps more frequently, but dealing with pain.
Dolores Albarracin: Do others have experiences or thoughts, comments, questions for crystal.
Frank: Yeah, I mean, the I can just contribute to that, because I'm currently in a physical therapy right now.
Frank: and it's a pain in the ass to go, and it's not something that I enjoy.
Frank: and I should be doing the physical therapy exercise at home, too, but I don't do them, but I do go twice a week, and
Frank: just the
Frank: they really know their their stuff. You know what I mean, and a lot of the stuff that they teach you how to do really does help like. So you don't have to be as dependent on like pain medications or just medications in general, so it's worth giving it a shot. I know it sucks. We call Pt. Pain and torture, but it really does. It really does help.
Krystal: Okay.
john bianculli: I'm in agreement. If you hate your therapist, they're doing a good job.
john bianculli: That means they're pushing you beyond your comfort level.
Krystal: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: And crystal. You have a son, right? You said.
Krystal: Daughter!
Dolores Albarracin: Daughter, how old is your daughter?
Krystal: Oh, she's 13.
Dolores Albarracin: 13.
Dolores Albarracin: Is she a motivation for you to get better.
Krystal: Yeah, yeah, absolutely. It's it's like, if it wasn't for her, I probably would have just gave up already.
Petra Teeter 237121: I wanted to say something. If it's okay about the physical therapy I've mentioned before, but I don't know if I have but for about
Petra Teeter 237121: trying to do the math. For about 18 years I've had intense chronic pain, and I just
Petra Teeter 237121: eventually learned to live with it and
Petra Teeter 237121: not be as grumpy because that makes me very angry. It's literally if I could just have a Punch ball there, just Punch, it would help me.
Petra Teeter 237121: Physical therapy. I've done it 3 times. It's they're painful for the
Petra Teeter 237121: for your finances. At least my co-payment was pretty high. And after the 3rd
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm not saying it didn't help, but
Petra Teeter 237121: I need the physical therapy when that pain really hits.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's like I had to schedule it 3 times a week. That's not helpful.
Petra Teeter 237121: I need it when it when I need it.
Petra Teeter 237121: And
Petra Teeter 237121: so what I learned after the 3 times I just I ended up saying, No, for one reason. I just learned what worked for me.
Petra Teeter 237121: So I took that information and all the the you know, the the physical help I was given by those therapists.
Petra Teeter 237121: and and just used it for myself at home, and tried to recreate it. So now I can do it when I need it when that pain really hits.
Petra Teeter 237121: And I also looked online just to find some more written support of what I can do with it, or maybe add on, or
Petra Teeter 237121: what helps me, but also put my own thing in.
Dolores Albarracin: Are you making Crystal a recommendation?
Dolores Albarracin: Do you have advice for crystal plan? What? What?
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, my advice would be.
Petra Teeter 237121: And again, that's just what worked for me personally, but just not to get too frustrated with those therapy sessions and just kind of go through them and take from them what you can, and then remember what worked for you and try to do this at home. Your pain is from an accident, so I don't know if you can. My pain is not from an accident. It's just there.
Petra Teeter 237121: So
Petra Teeter 237121: I don't know if if it's safe for you, or do you have to be worried about
Petra Teeter 237121: breaking your bones? I'm not. I'm not a doctor, obviously for me. There's nothing physically broken in me.
Petra Teeter 237121: It's just that pain. And and so certain exercises or movements, or just holding myself a certain way, will will help me get over that pain. And so that's why I can do it
Petra Teeter 237121: at home.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm not sure what your therapy would look like, but I guess my
Petra Teeter 237121: suggestion would be if that works for you to just take from it what you can, and try it on your own, so
Petra Teeter 237121: you can do it at your own convenience, or in your own house, or wherever you want to do it.
Petra Teeter 237121: So where? Where are you? At.
Dolores Albarracin: Well with with this idea of of going more frequently.
Lewis: Oh!
Krystal: I need you.
Lewis: Totally.
Krystal: It just I guess the whole getting in the car thing kind of deters me a little bit.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Lou, you are saying something.
Lewis: Oh, no! I was just going to add in that you have to think about the future, how you, how your body will feel in the future.
Lewis: so as many as many of those physical therapy consultations and and and
Lewis: appointments you can take. Take them. I was struck by a car in November of 2021,
Lewis: and my copay similar to what Petra was saying. My copay was rather expensive, and I kind of
Lewis: fell off from doing it as frequently as I should have
Lewis: to. Where now I would have to make a full payment in order to get
Lewis: physical therapy, and there'll be times when my body will hurt, and then I'll realize oh, it's from my surgery.
Lewis: So you want to take as much advantage as you can stay positive in it
Lewis: and look towards the future, that you're going to feel better and and actually be feel mentally better about it.
Krystal: Right.
Dolores Albarracin: Crystal. I see you and and
Dolores Albarracin: you don't seem like you. You want to really move forward. Yeah, like, I.
Krystal: Say that one more time.
Dolores Albarracin: I look on your face, and and you seem very sad and and very hopeless.
Krystal: Yeah, I'm I'm just kind of like
Krystal: in a lot of pain today. It's
Krystal: I'm also it's rainy and nasty here. And so.
Petra Teeter 237121: I will do for the pain. I know
Petra Teeter 237121: I don't know why it just does.
Dolores Albarracin: Doable goal be maybe bringing up the issue of Pt. When with your therapist, not the Pt.
Dolores Albarracin: Therapist, but the other, for you know your feelings.
Krystal: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Have you?
Krystal: It's.
Krystal: I've been doing the online therapy. So it's a little bit easier it used to be. I'd have to drive to him or get somebody to drive me, but he made it to where I can do the online like, talk like how we're doing on the Zoom Meeting. So it.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, okay, so wouldn't make sense for you to to discuss this by next week.
Krystal: That'd be the smart thing to do.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, because it it seems very, very difficult. Yeah.
Krystal: Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Really, we don't want to push you to to, you know. Do what you
Dolores Albarracin: don't want to do. But at the same time I see? I said, Wow, this
Dolores Albarracin: this looks really rough. Yeah. And I don't. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Know what the solution is. Are you in touch with anybody? I mean, you mentioned everybody. You don't want to see. But is there somebody who could actually
Dolores Albarracin: make you feel better.
Krystal: Yeah, my my boyfriend and my daughter. They they help a lot.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, that's good.
Dolores Albarracin: Great! Well, how how about others? Morgan.
Morgan Potts: Oh,
Morgan Potts: I I need to.
Krystal: There it is! Oh, I need I.
Morgan Potts: Need to get back into working out, I mean. And and my.
Morgan Potts: I was listening to what Patricia was saying, and I'm like, yep, I feel that. Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: I feel that, too. And how long has it been? How long, without working out for you.
Morgan Potts: Oh, oh, gosh! I think I got really slack around like June or July.
Morgan Potts: Yeah, I think July sounds more more accurate. And
Morgan Potts: right now, you know, it's just
Morgan Potts: when you get home. I mean, I just don't have any inner, any energy, and I don't, and I know that
Morgan Potts: exercising will give you energy. But if you don't have the energy to exercise, you know it's a vicious circle.
Morgan Potts: but that is.
Morgan Potts: I need to start just by doing like just 10 min a day, then 20, then 30, just slowly working it up because the idea of spending an hour in a gym right now is just like way, mentally, just too much. So I need to just do it incrementally and work myself back to what I was doing.
Morgan Potts: So it's not gonna be pleasant. It's going to suck, but I need to do it.
Dolores Albarracin: 10 min, Morgan, of walking, or what are you thinking.
Morgan Potts: I mean, just do the elliptical for 10 min, and then make it 20, and you know 30, and you know.
Dolores Albarracin: Think of 10, not not even not 20, just 10.
Dolores Albarracin: The Olympics at home.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you know people or.
Morgan Potts: We? We have a gym. An employee. Gym.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Oh, that's convenient. So 10 min, how many days a week could you do that? That would be realistic.
Morgan Potts: Realist realistically, because I need to be here. We'll say 3.
Dolores Albarracin: 3. That's a lot, maybe 2.
Morgan Potts: Okay. 2. I like 2, two's better than 3, because I don't want to do 3. But yeah, two's good.
Dolores Albarracin: What days would that be.
Morgan Potts: Mondays are good days to get started, and
Morgan Potts: Wednesdays ideally. I would like to do Monday through Thursday, but like I used to do
Morgan Potts: when I was just.
Dolores Albarracin: But you're not there yet. You're.
Morgan Potts: I know, but we'll we'll say, like Monday, Wednesday,
Dolores Albarracin: The Olympics are.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. Do you need to take special clothes to work or or.
Morgan Potts: Oh, yeah, I used to pack a gym bag and just change right there, so I could just go to the employee. Gym.
Dolores Albarracin: Nice to meet you.
Morgan Potts: I just need to do it.
Dolores Albarracin: But Pat reminded you.
Morgan Potts: It was kind of like, all right.
Morgan Potts: you got this far. Just put the clothes on, just put the clothes on, and then just go and just do 10 min. And then once I get back into it, it'll be like, Okay, that wasn't so bad. I can do 15. I want to do 15
Morgan Potts: so just getting in there, that would be my goal. To walk through the door.
Dolores Albarracin: As well.
Morgan Potts: The door
Morgan Potts: when when I think about it, having to take extra clothes, would it be possible to maybe wear something that you can also wear and and do your elliptical in minutes or no.
Morgan Potts: probably not with my job. No, but it's okay. I mean, it's just. It's just some clothes I can just throw some clothes in a bag. It's the clothes aren't the problem. It's the walking through the door and committing to doing it. That's the problem.
Patricia Renaud: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: Is the main problem, and you're just tired sick of work.
Morgan Potts: Cold, and it's dark, and I want to go home. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: But he's start a little bit earlier, maybe.
Morgan Potts: Ma'am.
Dolores Albarracin: Could you start a little bit earlier.
Morgan Potts: Yeah, maybe maybe. Or I could
Morgan Potts: trying to go on my lunch break. It won't work. But I mean I can walk straight there right after work, and not even go near the parking lot. Just go straight there. And if I could just get through the doors, y'all, I'll be okay.
Morgan Potts: That's that's the hard part.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Morgan Potts: A lot of difficulties. Yeah, I mean.
Morgan Potts: it's the willpower just to do it and not go home and lay on the couch and watch crappy TV.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, what do people think? What could she do to sort of have the strength to go through it?
Frank: Well, do you? Do you have? Do you have more energy in the morning?
Morgan Potts: No, no, I'm more like an afternoon. No, I'm more like an afternoon person. But it.
Morgan Potts: my boss is just really he's strict, he is so.
Morgan Potts: and doing it at lunch. God forbid! If I'm a little bit late I get the wrath. So
Frank: Nice.
Morgan Potts: But I mean.
Frank: Not a morning person either, so I wouldn't work work out at morning.
Morgan Potts: No, but I mean just doing it right after work. It's it's always been when I did it, anyway, so it might as well just keep with tradition in a way.
Morgan Potts: so I'll I'll I just need to do it. So.
Frank: Or maybe find somebody at work that wants to do it with you. I don't know.
Morgan Potts: Yeah. And I need to get back to wearing my fitbit because I think it will.
Morgan Potts: The
Morgan Potts: numbers don't lie, and it will show me like how much you're not moving in a day, and I think that will probably be
Morgan Potts: motivating as well to be like, oh, wow! Okay, yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: So, and again, what made you stop, Morgan?
Morgan Potts: I don't know.
Morgan Potts: I just
Morgan Potts: got comfortable and used to saying, I don't want to do it today. I'll do it tomorrow.
Morgan Potts: I'll do it tomorrow.
Morgan Potts: And what difference does it make, anyway?
Morgan Potts: Which is not the best mentality? I understand.
Petra Teeter 237121: Does it make you feel good, though, when you do it like physically, feel and make.
Morgan Potts: Yes, yes, that's why I'm like
Morgan Potts: you're you're defeating the purpose here, Morgan, by not going. You want to feel better about yourselves, and that's how you do it.
Petra Teeter 237121: Wow!
Morgan Potts: So.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah.
Morgan Potts: You guys will be my limited innovation to get my butt through the door.
Dolores Albarracin: Well here, waiting to know yeah, when what happened Thursday and Monday.
Morgan Potts: Yes, I will go. I will go!
Dolores Albarracin: Okay? And you can, yeah, check in with pat or.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I'm thinking of starting like a journal, too.
Patricia Renaud: you know, writing down what I did, and when I did it, and.
Morgan Potts: I used to do that.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, it was helpful.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you do an electronic journal or or paper journal? How how.
Patricia Renaud: Yeah, I can just jot things down and reminders put it on the fridge
Patricia Renaud: instead of reaching for that snack. Get on the treadmill.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so, Lou, how about you and your health?
Lewis: My health has been slacking, as of late. I was saying.
Lewis: The last 2, 3 years.
Lewis: trying to secure Medicaid has been an issue. I'm sure I'm in their system, but they never sent me a card.
Lewis: I pretty much haven't gone on just the overall
Lewis: you know. Physical checkup or anything in over a year.
Lewis: So I think for me, it's just, you know, catching up all of that on all of that stuff, and then.
Lewis: finding finding out the information for the the free clinics for each of those particular health concerns a dentist to, you know, somebody for respiratory, somebody for digestive health.
Lewis: So I have the resources to just
Lewis: similar to what Morgan was saying. It's like you. You kind of
Lewis: get busy in your life and kind of slack off on the stuff that you. You know that you really need to get done.
Dolores Albarracin: So you were saying you have Medicaid, but you don't have the card.
Lewis: Yeah, so it kind of made me unsure. And then that's.
Dolores Albarracin: More about this. How? How is this? This card obtained.
Lewis: You go through the online service and basically sign up for it. And then they qualify. You and I went through the whole process, and then I even received something in the mail, saying, You're signed up, and then
Lewis: never received a card, so I kind of asked my dad about it when that was happening was pretty much right after my accident.
Lewis: And the general consensus was that you have it? You just have to.
Lewis: They go into the places, and they pull up the information, and that kind of
Lewis: puts me off, and and not feeling secure in knowing that I have some type of coverage.
Lewis: And then from there a lot of times, if it's something to where it's multiple steps in my life that I kind of
Lewis: put it to the side and and try not to stress as much about it. But it is something that I need to get corrected for sure.
Dolores Albarracin: So is, is there an actual physical card? Or or could this card be be downloaded online? Or maybe.
Lewis: I'm not sure.
Dolores Albarracin: And see if that goes through.
Lewis: I really wasn't sure, and then, not being sure, and then not getting the information from people that I know.
Lewis: you know would probably have the information. It kind of just.
Lewis: you know. Put that little bit of if I'm not securely positive that I have it going in there
Lewis: that they come out and ask me for money for me to do it. I just kind of
Lewis: put it to the side, and then I had a friend that's gone through our our county government as far as
Lewis: the free clinic, the different stuff.
Lewis: So he, he recently gave me that information in the last 2 months, and
Lewis: you know I end up getting busy and and putting it in the back of my back of my mind rather than dealing with it. When when I have the time to do it.
Dolores Albarracin: How long would it take Lou to do it?
Lewis: Well, I mean just to secure that I that I'm I'm in it. And then to to set up.
Lewis: you know, appointments. And that type of thing would probably only take a day or 2.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, what do people think? Any thoughts?
Petra Teeter 237121: I was wondering if I know they don't. They didn't send you the physical card.
Patricia Renaud: But.
Petra Teeter 237121: Isn't, and I don't know.
Petra Teeter 237121: I'm just wondering if it's like our health insurance
Petra Teeter 237121: you really like. I really don't need the card. If I just can get the numbers off there. So can these people just give you the numbers and you write it down for yourself. I don't know. I'm just trying right.
Lewis: Right? Right? No. They sent the email. Oh, yes, go ahead. I'm sorry.
john bianculli: Do you have a smartphone and see if your health insurance company has a mobile app.
john bianculli: and then you can just use your smartphone.
Morgan Potts: It's good.
Lewis: Yeah, I I could probably do it that way as well.
john bianculli: Cigna, I mean I would say not.
Lewis: No, I'm not.
john bianculli: I use my yeah, I just use my cell phone
john bianculli: and signal. They have an app in it. That's why. Because my wallet. Everything for me going from Pittsburgh to California.
john bianculli: Some of my cards are mia, but for health insurance, yeah, I use. Yeah. Use our mobile app.
Lewis: Okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah.
Lewis: Definitely.
Dolores Albarracin: To maybe find out if there is a way of figuring out your Medicaid number online by
Dolores Albarracin: Googling, this.
Lewis: So.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, what? What were you saying? Yeah, I mean, I think Jones are good ideas.
Lewis: With both of them is, is just following through. This is my main problem. I will go out and set everything up and then await a response, and then, if I don't get anything in my mind, I've already moved on, and
Lewis: I'm caught up in 4 or 5 different other things I have to do, and
Lewis: then it gets put to the wayside, and then it ends up, being months.
Dolores Albarracin: So it seems like maybe
Dolores Albarracin: setting an alarm on your phone to remind you of this
Dolores Albarracin: by let's say noon every day.
Dolores Albarracin: Think about.
Dolores Albarracin: A Medicaid number.
Dolores Albarracin: Would something like that have some promise of working.
Lewis: Oh, yeah, for for sure is I need to start using using everything that's available on my phone is the calendar app for reminding me of stuff and and keeping me on focus of the stuff I need to get done.
Lewis: because, you know.
Lewis: I feel like I feel like I have Adhd, and never got diagnosed with it, because my mind is always thinking of 10 different things that I need to do or you know. And then you add in the daily routine to that. So then I just end up getting caught up. And then
Lewis: you know the stuff that I had planned on doing. I don't always get everything done. So yes, definitely, I need to start using my calendar app.
Dolores Albarracin: But it.
Dolores Albarracin: it seems like your health is, is not really understandably with everything that's going on, not your priority. Right.
Lewis: Right. That's that's part of it is like I said, I have 5 or 6 different things that I'm stressing over. And then
Lewis: it's like subconsciously in my head. I reorganize what's important and what's not important, or can wait a little while, and then.
Lewis: like I said, it ends up being months before I get back to something. So I definitely need to get that secured. Just to be sure.
Petra Teeter 237121: I have an idea. Louis.
Lewis: And.
Petra Teeter 237121: Didn't you say you have a son? That's how old.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yeah.
Lewis: He will be 18 tomorrow.
Petra Teeter 237121: Okay, okay. So my sons are 26 and 24. However, that's what I do.
Petra Teeter 237121: I go to them. They're gonna explain to you how you get that app and how you get. Just ask him.
Lewis: In.
Petra Teeter 237121: See what I'm saying.
Lewis: Okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: Because they they just like, I don't know. They just know how to do technology. I guess
Petra Teeter 237121: I will be stressing out over. Oh, how am I supposed to do all this and all this technology? And I don't want to do this.
Petra Teeter 237121: And.
Lewis: The New.
Petra Teeter 237121: And there they are, and they grew up with it, and they'll be like, oh, that's easy.
Petra Teeter 237121: Just an idea. I don't know.
Petra Teeter 237121: He may be helpful.
Lewis: You know you're right.
Lewis: You're right.
john bianculli: Did you ever try writing down like 4 major tasks.
john bianculli: and then trying to break those tests into smaller ones to make it more obtainable?
Lewis: Well, I did that initially. When I 1st went through, my situation was to kind of
Lewis: put an order to what needs to get done so that I can get to the main goal was.
Lewis: you know, saving money, making sure that I stay employed
Lewis: keeping my connections, my social connections with people.
Lewis: Just so. I you know, I'm always able to get information. And that type of thing.
john bianculli: Yeah, I mean, like, okay, you said about saving money.
john bianculli: Okay, set a goal this week.
john bianculli: You don't buy coffee out. You make all your own.
john bianculli: That'll a small way of saving money
john bianculli: cut down on your sodas. That'll save you money.
john bianculli: Hopefully. That helped.
Lewis: No?
Lewis: Oh, for sure! No, I appreciate it. It's it's looking at. What you don't necessarily need to spend money on is what I've been doing.
Lewis: So yeah.
john bianculli: Yeah, but for me, I don't. I don't go to Starbucks anymore.
john bianculli: I bought a keurig, and then I used the K-cups. They're a lot cheaper.
john bianculli: and you don't have to tip the barista because you're making it yourself.
Dolores Albarracin: Page.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Lou, it seems like I mean, the insurance card could could be perhaps a pathway to having more connection
Dolores Albarracin: with a whole health system. Yeah, not not just getting the car, but
Dolores Albarracin: there's more support in general. But at the same time it's hard for you to get excited about this.
Lewis: Yeah in my head. It's more like one of the many things that I need to face. And like. I said, I
Lewis: in my mind, I change the order of it every other day. So
Lewis: but being able to talk to you all, and knowing that I'm coming in to talk to you guys about just health in general, in the regard of you know the group and everything that you know it. It gets me more oriented toward that to know that that is something I need to fix before you know, winter really hits. And then I have. Then I could end up, you know, really needing a clinic or a hospital. So.
Dolores Albarracin: So are are you saying that you are gonna
Dolores Albarracin: Do? What for your insurance card for next week?
Lewis: Well, mainly is this going online. But I'll also asking my son if if you know if he's heard of any apps or anything that that's in that regard.
Lewis: Just for checking cause. I know he he's he's gotten more active in
Lewis: his insurance is through his mom.
Lewis: So he's gotten more active than that with him going out to the gym to exercise and
Lewis: playing sports with his friends. And that type of thing.
Lewis: So just keep me focused is would be.
Dolores Albarracin: We'll be.
Lewis: It would be to get on the website.
Dolores Albarracin: So your son is, is being very successful
Dolores Albarracin: with, you know, achieving these health goals or or connecting his mom. And that's a great, great idea. What day would you ask him?
Dolores Albarracin: Where on the.
Lewis: Phone.
Dolores Albarracin: How would you do it?
Lewis: No, I'm I'm planning on seeing him tomorrow drop off his present and talk to him about. You know the milestone of being 18 or whatever.
Lewis: But I'll have time to talk to him about that, too.
Dolores Albarracin: So you'll ask for his help, and and then tell us what happened.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Lewis: Yep.
Dolores Albarracin: That sounds very good. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Any comments on on this plan from others.
Petra Teeter 237121: I do this old fashioned things still to the day, and I don't know. I probably have like
Petra Teeter 237121: autism. Adhd, something.
Petra Teeter 237121: Typically, I will get up in the morning, and I get very anxious about my day specifically, when I have a lot of things to do. And I do this old fashioned thing, and at this point I don't care what anybody says.
Petra Teeter 237121: I have this piece of paper.
Petra Teeter 237121: and I write it down. Sometimes I do that the night before, when I'm anxious before
Petra Teeter 237121: and it does the trick for me.
Petra Teeter 237121: Silly! It's super old fashioned, and it works too
Petra Teeter 237121: old piece of paper and a pencil. That's it.
Dolores Albarracin: And now then, we're talking about you. So how about your health, Petra? What would you like to achieve.
Petra Teeter 237121: I like, I said. It's been going on for 18 years. I've seen about every doctor in whatever, and it's
Petra Teeter 237121: everybody's just interested in prescribing me medication. I'm not.
Petra Teeter 237121: I want to get to the bottom of this just
Petra Teeter 237121: you know, giving me something to turn me into a vegetable is not helping.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay.
Petra Teeter 237121: And and I'm just like I said before, I'm very stubborn, and maybe that's a good thing.
Petra Teeter 237121: And so I try a lot of things from physical therapy to
Petra Teeter 237121: supplements. I do a lot of research on them.
Petra Teeter 237121: And I ask around, I have a relative who is a oh, goodness, some kind of
Petra Teeter 237121: it's a it's. It's a nurse, but it's for
Petra Teeter 237121: She is not going to give you medication. It's more of a healthy lifestyle kind of functional medicine type, nurse.
Petra Teeter 237121: And you're you're seeing this nurse already, Petra.
Petra Teeter 237121: Well, she is my relative, so she's 1 of my really what I call good connections. She's my husband's cousin. So there you go.
Dolores Albarracin: And
Dolores Albarracin: and you're already talking with her. Or would this be a new thing? So so that's already taken care of? Is there something you're not doing that you would like to do for your health.
Petra Teeter 237121: No, but I'm very well. I don't know what I'm not doing, but the pain is there, and
Petra Teeter 237121: yes, so I'm very open to suggestions.
Dolores Albarracin: No, I don't have any suggestions for the pain, but maybe for you know, some, some hobby or something that takes your mind off it.
Petra Teeter 237121: Stress relief is what you're saying.
Petra Teeter 237121: Stress relief is what you're saying, or, Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you have any hobbies.
Petra Teeter 237121: I've never really been a real hobby person. I guess the the one thing before I moved to the United States. I love traveling, and by that I don't mean expensive or anything. But I just love getting to different places, meeting
Petra Teeter 237121: new people,
Petra Teeter 237121: finding new landscapes, that kind of thing just really exploring a new area typically rather off the beaten path than I don't like tourism. So
Petra Teeter 237121: that was one of those things I really enjoyed moving to the Us. That pretty much didn't happen
Petra Teeter 237121: a little bit, but.
Dolores Albarracin: How many days.
Petra Teeter 237121: Much.
Dolores Albarracin: Where? Where? Where? Where? Are you again right now?
Petra Teeter 237121: So in the Raleigh, Durham, North Carolina, area.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. So that's a very nice place. So a little.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes, it's a nicer than many other places I've lived in as far as outdoors, and yes.
Dolores Albarracin: So could you make a plan to do some activity? Go out to a place you like.
Petra Teeter 237121: We.
Dolores Albarracin: That's.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes, I guess.
Petra Teeter 237121: We go we we bought a few years ago a a piece of land. It's
Petra Teeter 237121: there's nothing on it. Just trees and a little bit of. We cut some trees down, and I have a little garden there. I seem to enjoy that.
Petra Teeter 237121: I know it's silly, but.
Dolores Albarracin: Sounds very, very German thing to do.
Petra Teeter 237121: I guess
Petra Teeter 237121: I guess so. And I I actually love it. I I'll bring home my my tomatoes and my green beans, and and basically make everybody eat it.
Petra Teeter 237121: They're just quiet. And they're like, yes, it's great. Mom.
Dolores Albarracin: Are you gonna go in the next week?
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes, typically once, typically on Saturdays.
Petra Teeter 237121: So unless the weather is not good, and then just on Sundays, but that's something we've been doing
Petra Teeter 237121: and sometimes just working on in the woods out there is good
Petra Teeter 237121: There's also another thing in my own neighborhood here where I live.
Petra Teeter 237121: That's I.
Petra Teeter 237121: The the neighbors are kind of stuck up, in my opinion.
Petra Teeter 237121: and I'm not. I'm friendly with everybody, but I don't really care for them. So when we go out to our land in the it's over toward the mountains of North Carolina.
Petra Teeter 237121: And and like I said, it's just land, and there's nothing else there. It's just the woods, that's what's so good about it. And the next door neighbor is is
Petra Teeter 237121: away. You gotta almost like hike to him. Them and we just got along really good with those people, and it's just nice to like, I said before, I rather just.
Petra Teeter 237121: I don't really need any friends, but it's nice to have somebody where
Petra Teeter 237121: you you feel like we can talk to them about anything.
Dolores Albarracin: Maybe on Saturday, a short visit to your neighbors in the country.
Petra Teeter 237121: We do. We make that a point every time, and they've been asking for it. So because I don't want
Petra Teeter 237121: annoying.
Dolores Albarracin: Nothing, nothing else you could possibly be doing, it seems. Yeah.
Petra Teeter 237121: What's that?
Dolores Albarracin: Nothing else to to add into the mix. You're doing everything you want.
Dolores Albarracin: or could you add something else to that little trip?
Petra Teeter 237121: Right. I am pretty like I don't know. I've
Petra Teeter 237121: always had a lot of boulders in my way. Growing up so
Petra Teeter 237121: I just I guess I made it a thing to overcome everything. I don't want to, but I just do
Petra Teeter 237121: so.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, alright. So frank
Dolores Albarracin: health.
Frank: I'm muting, Okay.
Frank: what was the question? I'm sorry.
Dolores Albarracin: Your health. What would you like to do for your health?
Frank: So I I'd like to actually do my Pt. At
Frank: home. I'm going twice a week, but I am supposed to do it every day. I'm not going to do it every day, but I'd like to do it at least
Frank: twice a week. While I'm at home. So then I'm I'm doing the exercises 4 times a week, you know.
Frank: I think, is is, you know, better than just twice a week. So.
Dolores Albarracin: And what would that take to.
Frank: To do that.
Dolores Albarracin: One.
Frank: I mean I have the time, and I I you know I I can do it from you know the comfort of my own home. I mean, there's you know. I have a mat, and I have the straps and everything that I can use.
Frank: So I just have to set aside some time, and for me that would probably be evening.
Frank: evening to night. Kind of time is when I'm I have the most energy. So say, Tuesday.
Frank: My! My wife's having surgery the next tomorrow, so I kind of be
Frank: tied up with the hospital for the next couple of days, but
Frank: I could likely do it say Friday and Sunday.
Frank: so that I have a day in between.
Dolores Albarracin: How long would it take.
Frank: It's about
Frank: like when I go to the the physical therapy center. It's an hour. But there's kind of a lot of in between stuff and like massage afterwards. So I I think about 30, 40 min it would take.
Frank: So I set aside an hour total, just to like, you know. Warm up. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: So it's it's thinking of doing it twice, lot you think, or.
Frank: No, I think it's manageable, I mean
Frank: for me to do it every day, I think is a lot I wouldn't. I just wouldn't do it, so I don't want to set myself up to fail.
Frank: I think twice is is reasonable, and I think it'll give me some benefits, so.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, so Friday and Sunday, could anything happen like, let's say you're
Dolores Albarracin: partner surgery. What? What type of surgery is it.
Frank: Yeah. So I don't really want to discuss the specifics of it. But it's a it's a fairly major surgery. So she's expected to stay overnight, at least. So if there's any like
Frank: complications, or if they have to cut her up in
Frank: instead of having to do it, laparoscopic is what they're going to aim for. But if they have to open her up, then there's going to be more time that she's going to have to stay in hospital so
Frank: that could potentially get in my way.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, this could be a bad week. Yeah, for to do it twice. Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: How about one time? Then maybe.
Frank: One time. Sure, yeah, and and that'll give her time to, you know.
Frank: Get home. And yeah, for for us to get settled in.
Dolores Albarracin: Do you have something set up for for your own support while you're supporting her in the coming week?
Frank: I mean, I have my sponsor. I you know that's
Frank: that's there, for you know any reason. And I have my
Frank: Ca, groups and there's a a trans masculine support group that I
Frank: haven't been going to recently, but it's there like as an option if I need it.
Dolores Albarracin: Good good, that's good to know.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, we're we're.
Frank: All on zoom so.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah. Any thoughts for for Frank.
Morgan Potts: Hope everything goes well for her tomorrow.
Frank: Thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: Yes, yeah, we should recover as quickly. And
Dolores Albarracin: you're all doing well. So we look forward to to hearing about the surgery and and what's happening when your extra day of Pt. At home? Yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: So we're coming to an end. So I'd like to just
Dolores Albarracin: let's see if oh, sorry I forgot Michelle Michelle.
Dolores Albarracin: at least briefly, because you you came in late, are you? Are you able to unmute yourself?
Dolores Albarracin: I don't know that you can, but I know Michelle was
Dolores Albarracin: doing overall pretty well, and and she was participating, if I remember correctly. Oh, there, there! Okay, yeah. Jennifer. Oh, Jennifer, okay.
Dolores Albarracin: Standard product.
Dolores Albarracin: So, Jennifer, can you unmute yourself?
Dolores Albarracin: No, it doesn't seem possible.
Dolores Albarracin: But.
Patricia Renaud: She was gonna watch a movie with her mom to
Dolores Albarracin: Control her mom's criticism. So I look forward to hearing next week Jennifer.
Dolores Albarracin: But before we go, anything you'd like to say to others. Thank the group for please go ahead.
Lewis: Well, I just wanted to say, like overall like, it's it's good to talk to people that are kind
Lewis: that aren't giving any type of judgment in whatever we discuss and and share with the group. So I appreciate that
Lewis: because my fit, my friend Circle, has certainly gotten small in the last 2 to 4 years. So it's appreciated.
Petra Teeter 237121: Always, I guess. Remember, you don't need a lot of friends. Just one good friend will do
Petra Teeter 237121: how I feel.
Petra Teeter 237121: Just one person right.
Dolores Albarracin: Well, sometimes the more the merrier.
Petra Teeter 237121: Yes, it could be. But I'm just saying, if it all comes down to it rather just that one real good one, right?
Lewis: Very true. I just double down on the people that that I trust, and and already
Lewis: already have seen, that they they're wanting to continue a friendship which is mainly my family. But yeah.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, I want to say how impressed I am by everybody's ability to support others and and jump in and and problem solve. It's it's remarkable. And and you come up with a lot of ideas and solutions for everybody. So that's that's great
Dolores Albarracin: final warrant.
john bianculli: One thing about this time of the year, a really good time of the year to make amend, especially with Thanksgiving and Christmas. You can kind of write off the coat tails.
john bianculli: because usually this time of the year people tend to be more open and respect and receptive of forgiving, especially New Year's Eve.
john bianculli: Wonderful time to try to make amends with people.
Dolores Albarracin: That's very good, thought, John. Thank you, Pat Morgan. Any.
Morgan Potts: Oh, you guys are always very motivating.
Morgan Potts: So I I enjoy our chats.
Morgan Potts: and I will make myself go at least
Morgan Potts: once, if not twice this week, this week.
Dolores Albarracin: Pat.
Patricia Renaud: I wish everybody the best in the coming week. Hope you meet your goals. I'm definitely motivated to meet mine. So
Patricia Renaud: you guys helped a lot.
Dolores Albarracin: Petra and Frank.
Frank: Yeah, I'm just happy that, you know. Most people showed back up again this week. And it's it's just good to have a additional support system and
Frank: so glad to see you guys again. Look forward to next week.
Dolores Albarracin: Excellent.
Petra Teeter 237121: I enjoyed it, too, and I look forward to next week, too.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay, excellent. Well, I want to thank you all and and wish you a great week and preparation for also Thanksgiving. So
Dolores Albarracin: thank you. Fang for all the help today, and I don't know if there is anything you'd like to remind people. But again, we have a testing kits. If you haven't requested them. And and, Narcan just a reminder. It's always good to
Dolores Albarracin: to have them have them in storage for others, especially the narcan. But, Feng, do you have anything to announce.
Feng Yi Chew: Oh, no, it's really nice to see everyone again. If you have any questions, just feel free to email us and we'll try to look out, look up things and resources to help.
Feng Yi Chew: Yeah, thank you.
Dolores Albarracin: There was something in the chat for for Lou. I don't know, Lou. If you saw it.
Dolores Albarracin: Yeah, he did.
Dolores Albarracin: I don't see. Okay.
Lewis: I screenshot it right away.
Dolores Albarracin: Okay. Alright. Well, go for it. I'll see you next week.
john bianculli: Okay.
john bianculli: Thank you.
Morgan Potts: Good, one.
Lewis: Right. Have a great week.